darling bro and with you alex weak stars
somehow one of the subscribers threw the ball
chelendzh show fight where I take mida
fuck that I did it
let's go for a start I would like to say
that this is not my first such medal on
old replays are not preserved in this battle
I went out just to test how u
I went to collect fashion assembly came on
half the workers but the fight turned out
royal for those who themselves can all broken
are the heater
I explain what kind of medal and and gives
to the player playing the art in that case
if he does 10 times more damage
than the strength of his art, that is, if
take such an award into it means that
do you really know how to play your
car than for me is the 404 possible
say that this is nostalgia for su-26
maybe some still remember the times
when drying is just fucking overt all
living in the sand of her tower completely
spinning hard to damage
200 250 line almost everyone with whom
she got there were me
and when it was so fast that her
dignity called the only tank
who could take the military for a minute on
I had her and 1 Radley Walters could well
would be from either it was issued on the technique
below level five okay something i'm quite
distracted from us the video is not drying out why I
so compare 300 foursome and old 26
very small circle of attention and pretty
quick when up to some regular
nerve and where cut when mixing and
projectile speed is small
Briton generally mercilessly bent when without
rammer was about 10 with something
seconds rammer enemy
who put on the harp
and he was without repair and without pumped
scope chance of survival was no longer any
eight in this position already thought
she than go to the next battle now
business foot push buttons are a bit
better projectile now flies by two seconds
and there is a chance to have time to leave again with
subject to rammer when you can reset
to give
on the site seconds with a penny given
time of flight of the projectile start to
to breathe
and by the time the opponent is almost
repaired a guslya to throw another suitcase
which again with them is harp and cycle
start repeating again and the guys without
1 without frame in randomness to live as much as that
can not but rejoice
what are the advantages of someone 304
of course the parabola of the flight of the projectile
due to the fact that the projectile sent
almost to throw in space for all sorts
houses and stones goes perfectly like
the enemy did not try to tighten
salvation for enemy vehicles can
become either a three-story building or
10-meter cliffs in other cases
no chance but there are downsides would she
certainly not so bad
when compared with scoops but too
they are often lacking and have to be redone
come down that on the sixth level is not very
happy because the technique is pretty there
nimble with we hear too pechalka
it's almost gone and making direct hits
it is important to us uncritically thanks
quick code
but it is better not to miss from the field
on top of 300 fours gaining
slowly but if already gained and terrain
all mountains lost not much
most likely you will not be able to catch up
so you can even troll opponents
if you stay alone against several
enemy tanks and they decide to get
last frag by the way
opponents throw us due to the sixth
level eight although most often throws
only to the seventh and eighth truth happens
that casts even to fourth-fifth
where is going on
beating babies there guys and so not
very understand what to do and against the plume
every 10 11 seconds and nothing at all
can not do the word alpha we have 450
at least there are crashes and more so far
my when alpha will pass alone
Serbian
ordinary houses that passes me this
one hundred two hundred caps up to the sixth level
we have no opponents and our land mines
enter the enemy like a knife in butter
I personally like to throw the village there
after photo 300 fours
from them remains cripples with a bunch of crit
and several dozen capa principle
even at levels 7 and 8
some problem we may be
Soviet of 3
thanks to its sky armor cheater and
Americans t29 and t-34 thanks to quite good
armor in the forehead of the tower
but you can deal with them in throwing
for the tower there we have the engine compartment with
weak booking roof there and alpha
will pass and the German motor crit either in general
you are not calico
there is also a chance of arson
the enemy will lose his puncture there
the fire extinguisher will either burn like
Christmas tree for me personally some
a serious problem usually forehead
KV-5 but they don’t make it right
shots without damage have a plus
poor radio operator 05
if he is even brought back to life next
sho there he is again Kant Street
oh how much have I heard enough on this
about the owners of the white-headed duck, as it were
neither wanted for praise fv304 but it is not
get some really good
Damage results are rare in
mainly and failures will have to endure
thousand and a half damage and not even because
That hands curves overview she almost
No, and often the question we can not
reach the opponent lighted us
each time you have to keep around
lines of fire where we can catch any
crazy projectile that could not even
target us but it is fun
bring a lot of words can not convey how
nice to look at the next
life winner who is rare
first aid kits either did not exist either they
run out and he just stands and
helplessly turns the tower then we will
finish if you like the release
like and subscribe to the channel
do not forget to subscribe to the public
alexa lobster so
and bunker tankers VKontakte all links
In the description under the video, well, that's all
until